The most pensive man in Union Station
Can we get rid of racist restaurant [daily grill dc] bullshit in this city?
I brought cannabis into the Senate building and rolled a joint in Sen Sessions office. Here for AMA..We need your help!http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-12-08/activists-roll-joint-offer-free-pot-at-jeff-sessions-office-as-threats-swirl-to-legalization-framework
Donald Trump hates newspapers. Therefore, I am upgrading my Washington Post subscription to 7-day home delivery
Posted yesterday about stuck in DC
Sorry I ruined your Monday morning commute, but our planet is on a highway to hell
The price Muslims are paying!
I'd be the R***skins #! fan if............
Active Shooter - Silver Spring MD
blessed image
George Washington U Bans Palestinian Flag on Campus
Immigration Checkpoint on Georgia Ave near Silver Spring on Friday 02/26
PSA: If you are riding a bike, please do so on the street. This summer has brought out a ton of bikers - which is great - but the sidewalks are cramped enough already and are for pedestrians.
Trump supporters assault D.C. gay man: "This is what a Trump America looks like, faggot"
Remember this guy? He was arrested for assault three times in 2 weeks this year again. 1/07 1/14 1/19. Released on PR after the first 2 assaults to assault again.
Records show D.C. Police used an LRAD sound cannon to "direct crowd flow" during the Women's March
I'm going out in Virginia later tonight. Do I need a passport?
Took pictures of McPherson Square bus stop in different lighting, weather, times of year - looks like different cities
Scumbag Commuter
Video: Muslim Woman Attacked By Trump Supporter In Chevy Chase: DCist
Scalia Vigil
Does police week mean random people from out of town get to carry weapons on the metro during rush hour?
Andy Reid Doesn't Like the Snow
Feminist DC subreddit?
It may not have fancy carpet, or an art installation that killed someone, but this is my airport.
I just need to rant about Metro...
It's a well-kept secret but...
Metro employees might actually be mentally challenged.
Greeting Strangers: DC vs Elsewhere
Why doesn't DC enforce laws?
How come all the food trucks around the National Mall are this? What happened?
To the person behind me in line at the self-checkout tonight
Washington, D.C., Bans Plastic Take-Out Containers
Serious question. How do I meet single guys in DC?
G Unit
Disappointed the thread on the riots was locked...
Can everyone just be fucking nice to one another?
The lengths New Yorkers will go to put their finger in the eye of DC.
Men harass and assaults tourists, steals MAGA hats in DC.
It’s hailing... in June.
Attn dog owners: Don't walk your dog off leash in Rock Creek Park
Cancer-stricken children, parents ejected from Lafayette Park by the Secret Service
Mayor Gray Says D.C. Residents Should Boycott Maryland's Eastern Shore
Why do Washingtonians feel the need to ask each other what they do for a living?
When it comes to D.C., Republicans put politics over principles
Took this picture when I was in DC last summer.
People "fixated" on cell phones on the Metro - What was it like before?
The DC transportation system is so unreliable that DC employers choose applicants that live close to the job.
Hidden in a Washington Post Article is this about an Inaugural Event
Metro didn’t have to shut down
Charlottesville Nazis Coming to DC...
In regards to my two-hour drive home in the traffic/rain last night...
Moving to Washington D.C. for 60k job
No pets but Georgetown cupcakes are cute too.
Ladies of Reddit (gentlemen please weigh in), do you get hit on to the point where you feel objectified in DC? Share your story!
Photo of an ACTUAL “hoagie” I got from Wawa
Jesus fucking Christ that flyover
What would be fun to do on shrooms in DC?
World Bank 🌎 🏦
Any parents in DC? Please join our new subreddit /r/dcparents.
Literal Highway Robbery?
Has anyone on this sub ever met one Ajit V. Pai and if so how is he in real life?
Orlando Vigil Monday at Dupont Circle, 7:30pm - Stand against Homophobia, Transphobia & Islamophobia
Fight For Old DC!!!
Maryland drivers...
Good guy in Columbia Heights. X-posted to r/pics. 
Respect for Those Who Guard the Unknown Fallen [x-post from /sandy and /militaryporn]
Housing is a queer issue: DC dykes plan to march against displacement on June 7th
Washington, D.C., beats out San Francisco and New York as priciest city in the country to live in
This weekend, I finally felt proud of being a DC resident for the first time.
CapHill woman posts video of police “targeting” black youths. MPD explains in comments the 3 youths brandished a knife and threatened an elderly man, who called 911 but didn’t press charges.
/r/washingtondc is a much better sub than /r/nova. Discuss.
Is it me or is the Air & Space Museum...
To the girls on the redline metro this morning: I'm sorry
What's the deal with SE DC, across the Anacostia?
#Blessed
Meetup Group In DC Proves That Racism Is Alive And Well In The Gay Community
Just a heads up, for those of you who might be in the area for NYE.
F***k WMATA!!
#DClife
Suspect in Rockville HS Rape Case Illegally Crossed Border
Judgmental Map of DC
DC queers, where should I get my haircut?
A Goodbye Letter to DC
Spotted at Nats Parade
OPM pls? (Too soon?)
How much do you guys make living in DC? Are you happy?
Hate to be that person...but tips for dating in DC?
Melania Trump Just Ruined Easter At The White House
Seeking support groups for victims of sexism and racism
Imagine the kind of people that Trump's inauguration would bring to DC
New abortion clinic moving in next to charter school, creating concerns
This is not Craigslist. Can we please stop with the apartment searches? Does anyone else feel this way?
You can pay a speed camera ticket in pennies if you call the treasury and have the woman there tell the DMV they're required to accept it
Virginia Attorney General Herring says he wore blackface in college
Looks like they are cleaning the walls of the DuPont Circle metro for the first time in... well, ever
Love Trumps Hate, all day, every day... a simple yard sign, promoted by a DC blog, helps get the nation's attention, and shows that around the country, people believe in acceptance and not hate.
Is anybody else excited for Marion Barry's new autobiography?
What I, Nate Silverman, would do if I saw the DC Red Line Masturbator
Where were you when 2001 September 11th happened?
I am in Atlanta
Olbermann: The Redskins Name is Just as Offensive as the Confederate Flag
Deer Suck, a Counter-Protest. I hate deer. If you are in the Washington, D.C. area come out and show your support.
City Center during the fall
These goddamn millenials
I hadn't ridden Metro in a while. I'd forgotten what some of the escalators are like. This one's at Woodley Park. I'm reminded why some people freak out.
The most accurate summary of the DC social scene I've seen
I just saw /r/chicago went down for some nerdy reddit drama. Please don't do that, r/dc mods.
Is there a place to submit photos to the police of the rioters from Friday?
Is anyone surprised by this headline: 'D.C. named 3rd-rudest city in America (again)'
Fall has come to American University
Vegas odds for Amazon HQ2 location: 1. NoVa, 2. DC
Hamilton at Kennedy Center on-sale to non-members next Monday at 8 a.m.
Stop trying to make Crystal City happen, Curbed. It's not going to happen.
[MEME] My reaction when I see everyone here complaining about their 10-30 mile commutes last night and my job is all about delivering medication anywhere from Woodbridge to Baltimore, West Virginia to Ocean City, in any weather condition that this region throws at us.
Nats image shattered after appearing with Trump (opinion piece)
WMATA is actively stealing money from its bus passengers
Pic I took my first summer here
I just want to sit, drink a beer, and read my book.
"My white Neighbor's has been doing a lot of racial profiling and constantly calling the police"
These are the guys that robbed the lady on the bike
Is OPM smoking crack?
Living in Columbia Heights this time of year...
Racial Microaggressions while walking at night?
Shit DC Girls Say
Another one of my favorites from my visit
What are some good shops to visit and possibly even buy stuff at?
Nice day at the monument today
Please step back and allow customers to exit. When boarding, please move to the center of the car
Fun first date ideas
Woman Spots Worker Tattooed with Nazi Symbols at Ballston Quarter
BEWARE OF SCAMMER bouncing Checks in DC
Speeding in DC/NoVA
Apprehended at EPA offices
Shots fired in NE?
Instacart hiring like crazy in DC
Get Elected, Get Your Kids Rich: Washington Is Spoiled Rotten
Taking a walk at the Eastern Market and snapped a pic of a musician.
Tillerson Out - Happy Hour Specials??
Armed bystander foils robbery, Loudoun authorities say
Which bars to watch esports games?
From the DC Protect Mueller Protest. Glad to have attended!
Frankies VERY EXCITED weather report for Hurricane Florence
20-minute wait for a "rush" hour train. Fuck you, metro.
Want $1400? I'll give you my entire first paycheck if you get this Duke grad a full-time $40k+ job in or near DC, no benefits required.
So the "female friendly" STK steakhouse opened last night and it was apparently a shitshow.
Top 10 places to get free Wi-Fi in the D.C. area. You're welcome.
American Exceptionalism
Modern Washingtonians have a mandate to remember black Georgetown
My feelings on the metro DC housing market
Good places to do LSD
I gave a famous rock star a windshield tour of D.C. — and didn’t know who she was
This is what legal weed looks like in DC.
Entire MLK library building will be renovated for $250M
Only the best for American University
Concealed carry holder shoots thief during attempted robbery on H St
Jewish tattoo artist in the DMV?
What's the best way to apartment hunt in DC?
Amid Rising Fears of ICE Raids, D.C. Residents Train to "Bear Witness"
Making the most of two full days
Fun, Unique, and Unorthodox DC Date Ideas?
Is Capitol Heights really that dangerous a place to live in?
Poll: District Taco or Chipotle
Suspicious package in 1720 I st near Farragut West. Police and fire fighters have closed the block. We are being told to STAY PUT STAY TUNED.
Where should I go to lunch today?
DC Styrafoam Ban - Report offenders
Ladies and Gentlemen or R/WashingtonDC what is your stance on the DC dating scene?
Get ready to pay an extra tax for gym memberships and yoga studios, gentrifiers
there is an incredibly hot woman working at the 17th and L Potbelly. like hottest sandwich girl ever.
Shit people from DC say, this one's much better than the previous one with whiteboys creaming themselves about cupcakes.
Can we quit it with the cherry blossom photos?
How do I use the metro?!
Did you know DC sidewalks are overrun with cockroaches at night?
"I Drove My Aston Martin Through The Nightmare Traffic Of Washington D.C."
I saw this at a Target store in Houston. Apparently the DC flag is now a fashion statement.
OccupyDC is only occupying 17348.92 feet²
Brixton hotdog banh mi
Queer Bars in DC?
Peaceful anti-hate protestors thanking MPD for their service today
Buying A Home in DC - My Class
Amazing Ground 0 Riot Footage
RANT: The federal workforce is broken
Trucks for Trump
Since everyone else is doing sunsets, here's mine!
Any feminist groups around DC to join?
Anyone leave a federal job for private sector because of marijuana policies?
Duke's Grocery, others working to prevent safe bike lanes on 17th St
I am not a tourist, I live here?
Is there any organized movement against DC traffic cameras? A class action law suit or anything like that?
Georgetown student laments his 'privilege' after being mugged at gunpoint
This is a picture I just took at Occupy DC. Can someone explain why I should listen to the demands of a group of people who are trashing my home city and intentionally causing traffic jams?
How much are we paying drivers to park in Adams Morgan?
Vegan Pecan Pie?
Looking for new friends
Men's haircut
US Capitol on a nice day.
Gentrification is not in DC is not just a black and white issue (GGW)
Craft coffee, million-dollar condos and D.C.’s relentless gentrification
"Districtland," basically "Girls" set/filmed in DC
Spotted at Amsterdam Falafel 14th st
Apology to the women of DC
After the last play of the Super Bowl at the R/WashingtonDC meet up
Are you a Republican having a hard time finding a date in liberal Washington, DC? There's now a website for you
Visiting for 2 weeks
Stabbing victim waits 30 minutes for an ambulance in Southeast DC. (This would NEVER happen in Northwest regardless of how stressed the system is.)
A Tool Meant to Help Minorities Buy Homes Is Instead Speeding up Gentrification in D.C.
Any Chester Bennington remembrance events going on in the DC area on Saturday?
Any good place to have a drink today?
Go-go’s fight against gentrification is just getting started. This is what it sounds like.
#WashingtonDC All the monuments look extraordinary at night.
Man Rams the Department of Energy Building
Happy holiday and thank you to those who serve
Question for any left-wingers currently working for the federal gov't
Best Metro stop per attraction?
DC driver/pedestrian etiquette
Any pizza parlors out there who can/will deliver a pizza to my congressional rep who is participating in the sit in tonight?
I have trouble having fun at bars in DC
Petition from DC Ferguson: Take a Stand Against "Jump-Out" Squads in Washington, D.C.
Totally indecisive on career, feel stuck & behind others
“House of Cards” actress: "D.C. more corrupt than Hollywood"
An Open Letter To Daniel Snyder, Owner Of The Washington NFL Team | RVA Magazine | Richmond, VA
If you saw an Easter Bunny hopping around bars last weekend, handing out candy, you probably met me!
Good Packer Bar in the DC/Arlington area?
Please Help Occupy Our nation's capital
Summer Internship for an Engineering Student 
After wreaking havoc in Philadelphia, Chicago, Wisconsin, Ohio, Nevada and Maryland, black rioters descend upon Washington, D.C.
Biblical Garden- Museum of the Bible -D St.
Anthony Crawford, Suspect in Stabbing Death of Logan Circle Jogger Wendy Martinez, Had Been Stopped 6 Times by @MetroTransitPD for Fare Evasion
Marijuana Sharing Noob Questions
Stupid Rules at Work
I appreciate how hard it is to report events that are in flux, but still, I think the Washington Post could use a little clarity.
Be careful banging on cars in the bike lane.
Almost accident
| arriving any day now.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: Capitol Hill staff and interns need "living wage"
What are these?
L’Enfant shops are money laundering fronts?
Anyone else notice that almost no posts on this sub come from Ward 7 & 8?
Diplomat outside abandoned Russian Chancery Annex!
Another 5:45 picture I took two months back.
Where DC area housing prices are rising most
Bowser spends $77,000 on a trip to Ethiopia to “promote DC values of inclusivity”
March for Black Women this weekend
I want to buy a gun
PSA: It is OK to ride your bike on the sidewalk safely. (With some exceptions)
Cyclists and AirPods
Someone stole my bike seat. Sad! Where do people resell bike seats? I’m convinced it’s a racket by bike companies.
Hot Morning Mess!!!
Looking in Adams Morgan
Moving to DC Alone and employed Post-grad: How to ease the transition, neighborhoods and opportunities I should seek out, chances for invigoration.. etc.
What are some Metro lines that you wish existed in the area?
DC Accidentally Sent Out Towed Vehicle Notification
When you get paid to peruse r/washingtondc
Where to watch first democratic debates?
Hotel Recommendations for First-Time Visitor?
Arlington / Rosslyn: Nice for a 1-month stay for work in May/June?
Does anyone have kittens for adoption?
Shutdown : Could Trump replace TSA agent by the military ?
Should I move to DC from Boston? Did anyone here make the move from somewhere else and not know anyone? What was it like?
Capitol looking ominous
D.C.’s Cache of Seized Illegal Guns Has Antique Rifles and Paintball Guns, But Few Bump-Stock-Compatible Weapons
Best areas for college-aged tourists?
Last minute drinks
DC on an eboard. Awesome city.
[Question] Does anyone else's Internet just fucking suck?
Unhappy hour recommendations?
Hart Senate Office Building
Possible MS-13 gang activity in D.C., police say
What bars to go watch the DNC at?
4th of July
The most clear sounding Metro operator ever!
Sick passenger at Archives metro this morning
The city is taking over Eastern Market?
WANTED: Someone in DC that makes more than 200k.
Best of Gay DC 2014 | Nominations
Here is my blog post about photographing the Miss DC pageant (but you can also skip to the end to view the gallery).
Assholes on Metro
Charged with a DUI last night. What should I do?
Some asshole just stole my gf's iPhone while we were having a lovely dinner on H street...
Rock Creek Park is beautiful with snow.
Super Mario World Washington D.C. Metro Map
Why will no one be my friend in DC?
Hope you don't mind me sharing this beautiful photo of the sun going down by the Washington Monument
From the Newseum today
Accident on 495
To the girl singing on the corner of 11th and F NW
Why isn't there more outrage against Republicans because if the shutdown?
Your chicken sandwich comes w/a side of homophobia - Chick-fil-A protest near metro center
Throwing my hat into the Apollo 50 Rocket pics ring
What is it about Maryland Drivers?
I rode the future today headed towards Glenmont
Kim Kardashian helps free DC inmate
Metro complaints
Karen the Corgi is looking for a playdate in Capitol Hill
Emergency vehicles on Connecticut
Earthy crunchy towns nearby?
The Rent is Too Dam High
Relocating to DC: what do people normally dress like there?
Help planning a proposal!
Is there anything going on with the White supremacists in town tonight?
How does Columbia heights feel about the WaWa taking up the space that uses to be 5 Guys, Petes Piazza, and Potbelly?
On Maryland Drivers
Just heard on NPR: "The president has two official balls" *giggle* "Two inaugural balls, that is."
vegan in DC
Looking for an LGBT-friendly doctor in the Capitol Hill/Eastern Market area
Where the heck are these protests?
Recently moved here for school--where can I get a good hipster haircut for a decent price?
Considering using a Segway to get to work.
Washington D.C.: 4th Angriest City In The US: ‘Angriest’ City in America Named. And Its Residents’ Responses Are Hysterically Expected
This guy
Is it in metro drivers' contracts to try to be as unintelligible as possible over the intercom?
Noticed this while waiting for the metro :(
What effect will DC non-criminalizing cannabis have on crime in inner city neighborhoods?
Who is out on H St tonight? Little Miss Whiskey?
Any good churches in DC?
G'morning DC! Saturday morning post-run redditing at Sidamo on H. 
DC Redditors....
Ted Leonsis says wi-fi should be free, like "running water"; Doesn't know that people pay for water
OPM closing tomorrow, announcement pending.
OPM has spoken....
I miss the seasons.
Commuter train etiquette?
Week off, down to party.
What are people’s opinions on the universities here in DC?
Help me pick unique eats for me and my dad’s trip!
I’m buying this to protest Dan Snyder
Some homeless advocates think Bowser is closing the D.C. General homeless shelter because she wants to make space for Amazon's HQ2
Moving to the DMV with wife and kids. Looking for an apartment.
We found safe in our office.. no idea how to open it... who wants it? (Lanham, MD)
Christopher Kim (20th and M NW) is the best tailor in DC. ROLL BACK THE CLOCK MODS!
Maryland Drivers are literally the worst in the world
New Black Owned Boxing Gym opening in Navy Yard
Ok, which one of you DC Redditors is this?
Stuck on a train because someone is giving birth on a train at Gallery Place.
Rape based trivia team names are not funny
Is delivery drivers refusing to deliver to your apartment door and still expecting a tip just a DC thing?
As an avid bus-taker in DC, I’m surprised the slur-slinging woman was *only* hospitalized.
If you are opposing Brett Kavanaugh make head to the White House Now!
Between Mario's in Clarendon and the American Nazi Party, one is still up and running
Looking for a very specific type of pizza... anyone know where I can find it around here?
The Problem with The Fillmore
A fitting climax to the recent Women's March
What about men?
Is there a list of (both local and nationally) companies to avoid purchasing from because of their support for the Trump administration?
Maryland Drivers, WTF!?
Can we petition to have one of these included with every Maryland license plate?
Where is an open concrete path?
*BAHN MI SEARCH*
Hozier - Who else went? Favorite part?
What to do for my 19th birthday in DC?
Buying plastic free meat and dairy in DC
DC date tips?
How do you feel about our housing market?
Childcare Is Broken In America. DC Has A Plan To Fix It.
Good Brunch Locations?
What type of IT professionals will Amazon be looking for in its new HQ in Crystal City?
Which steakhouse does the absolute best ribeye in DC?
What are your best date plans for pre- and post- shows at the Kennedy Center?
Football Sunday!!!
What building is this? I snapped it while walking around the city on Sunday.
[Serious] How, if at all, has Trump being President changed the culture or the "feel" of living in DC?
Looking for 24+ males who lives in the DMV (D.C, MD, VA) that prefer not to smoke or drink.
Amazon’s first Washington-area bookstore opens March 13
I can't be the only person who noticed This...
Uber Flat Fares Are Back Again
Hey, American friends, I am Indian and I need a [super easy] help from a redditor from DC to make a gift for my girlfriend please. Details inside.
Boston Celtics-friendly bars in DC?
How To Get SMS Alerts For #Resistence Protests and Emergency Organization
DC Ambulance Plows into Cars in Shaw
Looking for a matchmaker in the NOVA/DC area
Running in DC
Westboro Baptist Church is planning on picketing my school!!!
DC Metro
Pro tips for someone new to DC today?
Found this early example of manspreading in a new book on DC's historic streetcars.
Anyone down to hang out?
In DC for the night!
Amazing scene at Reagan airport during police week
What are some local DC beers/breweries?
Metro Center is leaking.
Moving to DC soon and I have no idea where I want to live.
I photographed the Miss America pageant. Miss Virginia made it all the way to runner up. My pics here
What's the best ravens bar in dc?
FOX 5 Investigates: DC Councilmember Jack Evans' unpaid parking and like they all of them dismissed
Dat black card tho. Anyone else get one of these?
Are any politicians or groups anti-speeding cameras?
Important Thanksgiving Poll!
Reddit Cofounder Alexis Ohanian at GWU, Tuesday Nov. 5
Serious question: Where would you go if DC finds itself in a Zombie Apocalypse?
shuttle flyover wasn't what i expected, can't put my finger on why...
Hey, did anyone else see the cover of the sports section? It's only been posted like 5 times already, and I don't want anyone to miss it. ಠ_ಠ
Uber’s Biggest Problem Isn’t Surge Pricing. It’s Sexual Harassment by Drivers
Found this on the beloved DC metro.
Landlord kicking me out, what should I prepare for?
Would you support a "receipt" law similar to DC's bag law?
An album of quick photos I took during the parade
We've done places to cry, but where are the best places to makeout?
If you could give a newcomer one piece of advice...
Leaves changing along SW Waterfront
Prince of Petworth posts possibly false story about gang of teenagers attacking woman and censors comments questioning veracity
Beautiful State
Marriage proposal at Lincoln Memorial (Picture taken: September, 2016)
D.C. cops used ‘rape as punishment’ after Inauguration Day mass arrests, lawsuit says
Tamir Rice protests tonight?
Crack is Whack xpost from /r/WTF because it is a story from DC [NSFW]
iPhone 8 Dc in the evening.
i sprinted out of my train right as soon as i saw this pulling in. i feel so lucky
starting internship soon. not sure if I should carry a purse or backpack.
Cherry Blossoms
Got a telephoto lens attachment for my phone. Tried it out at Union Station.
Any protests this weekend?
Shots Fired!! Can check that box
DC-Area Students Hold Anti-Gun Violence Walkouts
Who has a unique hobby?
TIL that DC gov. would pay more in rent on behalf of the poor than many working people I know can afford. Source: current edition of Street Sense
Uh oh, I think /u/MarylandDriver may have been arrested.
If your neighborhood was at the bar, here is what it would be up to.
DC cops illegally parked
What is the DC psychedelic scene like?
"And this is why you never drink DC Tap Water."
Fellow Washingtonian Christopher Hitchens has died.
earth quake in Bethesda, MD
DC To Fleece Car Sharers While Continuing to Heavily Subsidize Car Owners
Dog walkers disposing of dog poop.
You are *Corgially* invited to a free comedy show tonight at Moreland's Tavern
Uber and Lyft driver strike
How my pup enjoys a rainy day
Unique delicious places to eat in DC?
So, it looks like Google flipped on Duplex here in DC and for Pixel 2 users...
Shutdown shitpost
Will Amazon Bring A Bunch Of Rude Workaholics To The D.C. Dating Scene, Which Definitely Doesn't Already Have People Who Fit That Description?
Friend making tips for this city?
Good first date venues in the Georgetown are?
Moving to the area, curious about the dating scene
Surreal Shot of the Capital One Center during last night's Washington Capitals vs Las Vegas Knights Stanley Cup Finals Game
Blockchain hackathon in the capital April 27th
Where in the DMV region can I buy clothes by the pound?
Dating DC Women
HELP MY SISTER OUT PLEASE
Prospective Student
Suggestions for alterations near Glover Park/Tenleytown?
Daughter looking for single apartment in DC
For anyone who wants to rep Brookland
hey D.C.! We're BABY BABY from ATL and we're playing DC9 on 12/18. you're welcome to come!
Mark Wahlberg-backed burger shop coming to Ballston, Dupont Circle
Roadtrip Help
Newbie coming to DC!
[MEME] Gov't watching OPM like it's the Powerball
Beautiful January in dc
Why Washington players may finally kill the 'Redskins' name for good
Chick fil A opening in D.C. Residents in eligible D.C. Zip Codes could win free Chick Fil A for a year. Who's eligible? People with Zip Codes in most of D.C. And Arlington. Who's not eligible? People with D.C. Zip Codes east of the Anacostia river.
I proposed to my gf at the Lincoln Memorial but didn't get a picture of it!!! (3/17/15) (9PM)
iStrategyLabs: Small Agency of the Year 2014 by Ad Age
It's time for CoHiBoGaGro
Do you guys know if The National Mall has Wi-Fi? And how strong is it?
Local Businesses Offering 23% Discount for Women (and their advocates) Today for Equal Pay Day
When was the last time it snowed in DC on March 25th?
Help me find the mystery couple I photographed at the Sweetlife Festival in 2013!
Petition | Publix: Expand to the DC Metro Area |
My girlfriend is coming this week to visit. What are some must see things to do (besides the monuments) as well as lesser known places to eat that are delicious (Mexican, Thai, Sushi, etc.)? Thanks!
Oysters at Clyde's
It’s time to privatize Metro
Dear whomever is block downvoting threads and comments in support of pro-union rallies: kindly fuck off.
Found this on r/funny. When is the landscape gallery opening?
5555555
Handgun permit for home defense wait time?
To be happy in DC, you need an annual salary of $183,000: survey
Female spaces and community
DC needs a reasonably priced diner with better bread and bagels. Additionally, bowling, specific fast food chains and statehood.
He is wolf and I'm blitzed
So, you want to move to Washington, D.C.?
PSA: To folks riding their bike to work downtown today
Please consider attending an action for Terrence Sterling, an unarmed black man killed by MPD, at 7pm Monday at 3rd and M St NW.
What do you hate most about Washington D.C.?
My favorite Metro graffiti
Hey Reddit DC, we don't need 12 threads about the Quake. We've just wiped out days' worth of content in about half an hour.
POC Queers? Where?
First official Day in DC
DC native. Really?
PSA: Pedestrians, you don't inherently have the right of way
Any beaches in the DC area?
Why Don’t Washingtonians Take More Fashion Risks?
Best locations in DC for a break up
Introducing the Ubertarian: the lefts answer to libertarians?
Today in DC: Occupy The Justice Department!
Perspective | Washington is now a cool city. That’s terrible news for American democracy.
An interesting look at gentrification in DC through the eyes of a starbucks barista
Guess what's inside?
AMA request: Symba the 35 pound cat
Had the honor of riding in this year's Rolling Thunder....and it was AWESOME
Monument Picture
Moving into DC? Keep your nose open for secondhand pot smoke before signing a lease
DC's Poorest Residents Fight Displacement by Gentrification
To the moron who set off a Prayer Lantern in Columbia Heights just now...
"I'm moving to DC, please give me advice about X" posts.
Don't Touch Anything
38/M/USA Inmate looking for penpals
I had a great time in DC for my first visit! Got this pic on the top of the Kennedy Center.
Navy Yard or Ballpark District?
We are in desperate need for a Kura(rotating)sushi location in the DMV area!
Friday the 13th tattoos
Good date spots that allow for private conversation?
Why does the WiFi on the Metro block gaming sites?
What is traffic going to be like tomorrow?
Is anyone from Washington DC going to San Diego Comic Con
Bruins Bar for Stanley Cup Final
Private Dinner Space Suggestions?
Planning to propose, recommendations for jewlers
Ideas for my last month in DC?
Kiddo bday at National Zoo
Where can I find legit West Coast-style teriyaki chicken in the DC area?
Quiet, private bar/cafe
Newspaper delivery guy put a note under my door asking for a tip - how does it work? How much do I need to tip?
Man clings to back of X2 bus
Salary insight needed!
Most EXPENSIVE part of DC/Maryland/VA?
Something's on fire in south (southwest?) DC. Any idea what?
Tiny Desk Concerts
Finding it hard to make friends
Offbeat/Off-the-beaten-path Wedding Venues?
New to the area. Good place for whiskey/cognac/brandies?
Winter Vacation to DC
Is it possible to afford an apartment in DC proper with a dog for less then $2k without having a roommate
The DC Government Doesn't Want to Tell You What It Offered Amazon
How easy is it to get a medical marijuana prescription here?
Gentrification in DC is a west-of-the-park issue, too
Elon Musk Just Announced He Has Approval to Build a 29-Minute Hyperloop From NY to DC
Quick Speeding Ticket Question in DC
Police officer armed with assault rifle at metro center station
Is that a fucking UFO going over the bridge (looking in the distance to the left) going towards G.W.parkway?
For those that can't get into the Kusama exhibit
There's too many mice and rats in this city.
Is "stand right, walk left" why Metro escalators break?
Tickets to African American museum?
Best metro stop for bars for age 20-30 scene?
Minimum wage effect? DC restaurants lost more jobs since January than any 6-month period since 2001 recession
What's the Mall like today?
Here's Why Standing On Escalators Allows People To Move More Quickly Than Walking Up And Down
If Cleveland wins the NBA title, would that make DC the worst sports city in the US?
White House on lockdown after shots fired outside north entrance
Sunny day and a nice cool night.
Broke up with girlfriend need to know what to expect about dating.
Skrillex on Sunday at Echostage
Is there a list or resource for all upcoming marches/protests in DC?
D.C. Sold $5 Million Florida Avenue NW Property for $400,000
Advice: living alone or with a roommate
Sexual Assault at Silver Spring Metro
Good bar for Sunday football games?
D.C. proves to be not so honest in social experiment -- It was the first time in the six years that the company has been doing its experiment that someone has actually stolen money from the collection box, officials with Honest Tea said.
Anyone want to split a 2BR in Atlas District/Capitol Hill?
/firstworldproblems : I want to keep eating at Greek Deli on 19th St. but I'm sure I will get fat. So much insanely good food.
Caught the lightning in an iphone Pano in NW last night.
Saw a Cat Loose in Bloomington (additional rant)
Visiting my long distance girlfriend in DC for the first time, want to take her on a date - ideas for someone who has never been to DC?
Snyder has 'started the process' of designing new stadium for Washington's football team
DC Specific Clothing
Subleasing my apartment--anyone need a place?
Think D.C. isn't a city for love? These stories might change your mind: ‘We met in D.C.’: Washington love stories
OPM -- CLOSED for Thursday
They're saying maybe an inch of snow for DC tonight -- so does this mean a blizzard?
Skrillex leaving his mark at U Hall
Posted at my X2 bus stop this week
Red Panda (Rusty) missing from National Zoo - keep an eye out
Flobots at 930 Club... anyone going out tonight?
Come on DC. Offer Your Seat to a Pregnant Woman
A gif going down Pennsylvania Ave. to the Capitol.
Help me move with your flat bed pickup truck tomorrow Sunday (4/7) @ noon ($40 for helping)
where can i get natural looking blonde highlights?
Any other Manchester City fans in DC? 
Is this not the Washington DC uniform?
Alleged Swagger-Jackers to Swagger-Jack Concept of Talking About Swagger-Jacking
My Apartment Building Says Bikes Hurt Property Values
Is There a Place to Find Out about Protests in DC?
What's DC going to be like with Trump in the White House?
March in DC at White House today 12-4pm against the DEA's emergency schedule of kratom
New to DC Airbnb
WMATA: My metro card was CLONED
living in DC for 6 months!
Va. man plants flag, claims African country, calling it ‘Kingdom of North Sudan’.
Sign the petition to rename Washington National "Tim Howard National Airport"
Beggars on Metro
A Field Guide to D.C. Douchebags
X-Post from r/pics Because it's Clearly from DC (Washington Gas) & a Nice thing to Do IMO
D.C. Jewish Community Center pulls plug on show over band's opinions on Palestinian occupation.
23/F New to the Area (SilverSpring,MD) Looking for friends:
Facial Plastic Surgeons in DC? I'm a 32-year-old mom looking for a "mommy-makeover."
VERY late notice, but DCReddit would get a kick out of this. My wife's distant cousin Dr. Pete Ludovice is a scientist at GT & doing a stand-up show(think Bill Nye doing stand-up?) in Adams Morgan @ 8pm.  "Feel the Power of the Dork side"  I mean, come on...$20
If you're a Male READ this quick reminder!!
Some foliage rocking red for the nats this weekend
Taylor Gourmet SnapBack
Impeachment march?
What to do alone in DC?
I can’t afford this
It may be freezing. But this absolute unit doesn’t give a fuck.
Can you even see the Capitol?
Why are we tolerant of second hand weed, but not 2nd hand smoke from cigarettes?
Visiting from Philly this weekend
Why do people fight in Adams Morgan at night when the bars close?
Got a new job in Tysons Corner, where should I live?
Devastation in DC!
Tell John Boehner: Honor George Washington -- rename Ronald Reagan airport
Bicyclists: Please stop f*ing coasting down the middle of traffic lanes during rush hour.
Craigslist post for WH Chief of Staff
Another 'Day Without Immigrants' Strike is Mounting for May 1
Best happy hour?
This is my last week in DC - what should I make sure I do before leaving?
Looking for help impressing a girl, need a favor from a DC resident
Everlast at National BBQ
DC Dyke March Organizers Attempt to Explain Why Banning Jewish Flags is Good
I should invest in a zoom lens.
Looking for an LGBT-affirming church recommendation
Aggressive Panhandlers/Potential Mugging?
Recommendation for a financial planner for a middle class 32 year old
At wakefield football game when the clouds turned into cotton candy (close enough to DC)
People who moved to DC without knowing anyone, how long did it take you to find a friend group/the right friend group?
Where to move when Job City varies?
We Haven't Had a HQ2 Discussion in About 30 min - So...."Would Amazon's HQ2 Really Be Good for Washington?"
Any suggestions on finding a job?
How do you get the Bird Scooters to work?
WMATA privatized shuttle bus driver caught using cellphone while driving
Fight outside Ming's chicken (x-post from /r/Streetfights)
Near the Vietnam Veterans Memorial
DC people who live in these 800 sq ft condos I'm seeing on Zillow, where tf do you put all your shit??
WANTED: Female Soccer Players for Coed league
health care protest--
I'm doing a scavenger hunt. Can anyone help me out with these tips?
Patriots friendly bars for the Superbowl
After Days of Mourning, Washingtonians Are Rallying Against President-Elect Donald Trump
Planning DC marriage proposal!! Need help!
Brazilians in DC
Any good drycleaners in the DMV?
Former Senate interns, what was your experience like? What are your tips?
Fashion scene in DC?
What's the best bar in DC to get an assortment of beers?
Cat stuck in tree for 72 hours. Fire Dept already notified but won't come. Any suggestions?
The lady who was always outside the White House in Lafayette Square protesting war and nuclear weapons has died.
Thick fog at DC today.
Working around the DC area, and looking to experience cannabis without fear of legal troubles for the first time ever!
Help, I'm moving to DC in January and I am very over-whelmed.
The Date is Set: Cat Cafe Crumbs & Whiskers Will Open June 20
Vice Article claims DC is the "worst place ever." Thoughts?
Thought r/washingtondc would appreciate my windows phone's home screen
METRO's dissatisfied, unite! #WMATA Tweets of the Week: Escalator Fire, Red Line Delays, and Broken Seats
OFFICIAL PEPCO TRASH TALK THREAD
Got my new license plates installed yesterday.  Let's see who gets it.
r/Washingtondc, It is time to organize. Let's get Rush Limbaugh out of our nation's capital.
Gold's Gym Sucks! (aka What a Customer-exploiting Business Model Looks Like)
xPost from NoVA: Selling FNX-9. Needs to go fast. $400 OBO
A Plane flying over the Jefferson Memorial
A modest proposal for dealing with ATV groups
The Obamas Are Still the Biggest V.I.P.s in Washington
Union Says Metro Let White Supremacists 'Commandeer The System'
One reason I moved to DC 🔥
BREAKING: Central place in Rosslyn has a lamp post with one of those little weather spinny things on it.
I am willing to bet that my wife, with zero formal training, is the best amateur cook in the DC metro area. I am so confident in this statement that I am willing to wager a fair amount of money on this.
Those DC clouds today are surreal.
Black guy here: What are the dynamics of interracial dating in DC?
Antifa protesters couldn’t find any fascists at Unite the Right — and harassed the press instead
Oh, I hear you like night pictures of downtown.
George Washington University fires doctor for having cancer
Tell Mayor Bowser that high quality dedicated-lane transit must remain a top transportation priority
Donald Trump Mummy in Woodley Park
Washington Times: D.C. Metro 'finances worse than operations,' privatization on the table.
Scalia's body at SCOTUS
Came across some hypocritical signs today (S St NW)
4/20 Activities
New to DC. Wheres the artsy scene.
[HYPOTHETICAL] Thoughts on removing the Whitehurst Freeway?
Saw a homeless man shit on Massachusetts that's all I can really say, and all I really need to see now in DC.
Where to live?
I can google many lists of them, but which is your favorite farmer’s market in the DC area?
I wrote a play about the DC Sniper.
I think I’ll wait for the orange line...
Meet D.C.'s most eligible bachelors and adoptable pups!
WMATA, turn off the music
Washington D.C.! Do you end your sentences with the phrase "and shit"? Why?
Tourist going to Washington DC that wants to try as many good american only fast food stores.
Concerned husband. Wife needs help getting back into Hill politics, don't know how I can help her. Can anyone here offer advice/help?
RUMORS: Chick-fil-A coming to Columbia Heighta
Would DC be up for bicycle friendly intersections?
To everyone who was at the 9:30 Club last night as Pearl and the Beard were playing...
Washington D.C. is trying to ban backyard chickens. Please sign this petition to keep them legal!
Bullshit spotted at H St Whole Foods
Ok guys, which one of you did it? (found at Lucky Bar)
Ominous Trump Hotel
Tea Party trying to march on DC with LOADED guns on the Fourth of July. Stay the fuck home, Reddit.
Just another soul venting about rent prices....
Fuck you WMATA and NextBus.
DC, where is the compassion?
You're planning a first date in DC. What activity/locations do you choose and why?
Can anyone recommend a solid "headhunter" in DC and the surrounding areas (Virginia and Maryland) that specialises in recruiting for the energy sector?
Moving to DC - advice on neighborhoods?
Perception of Georgetown University
Women with Short Hair
DC Metro posts all points bulletin of gentlemen on METRO wearing coats on very warm day
There are but two ways to build character.
D.C. to Court: Don't Make Violent Criminals Face Armed Resistance
Who sells Faygo soda?
It's Derechoing So Hard Right Now...
Occupy black Friday in dc, shop at a local merchant. Off to Hills Kitchen with me!
DC is Getting a Female Empowerment-Themed Hotel
What are the best thrift shops or second hand stores in DC?
Ideal first date in DC
Love the colors of the fall. Beauty all around
Is getting your car broken into a “rite of passage” in DC?
Is the culture in Washington DC competitive in terms of status?
Still new to DC...ways to make friends?
Cool little edit I made while work was slow 🤷🏽‍♂️
Do‘s and Dont‘s in Washington D.C.
Thoughts on rent and housing?
Working at the Russian Embassy?
Birthday perks
Where are they filming Wonder Woman?
Does this count as a meme? DC neighborhoods summed up by vines. Red line is accurate, especially for today.
Chinese Bike Share Graveyard
Interesting opening on Craigslist
What are the best strip clubs in the DC area?
Happy Christmahannukwanzaannodemonination day from the Irish pub and Chilean empanadas of Adams Morgan
Mia Khalifa Says She Will Streak Field For Tonight's Nats v Marlins Game if she gets 50,000 retweets of this tweet.
The Gentrification of DC: How My City Changed Colors
Tomorrow night at 7 there will be planned responses around the country of the Ferguson decision. One of them will be in DC at Mount Vernon SQ. at 7:00pm.
Polar vortex is fucking me in the ass
Personally I’d prefer a shark bite over being held still in a tunnel for an hour behind a broken down train. At least a shark bite comes with an interesting story
Awe inspiring
The Smithsonian Station (last station pic for awhile I promise)
Bike Cops pull guy on bike over for going wrong way down the street, proceed to cross busy intersection while light is red. Shaking my head.
(longshot) does anyone know this woman?
Helping to organize the anti-Trump resistance
The Washington Post is feverishly fighting a discrimination lawsuit that claims it purged dozens of older blacks from its ranks, leaving management on the business side of the paper virtually all-white.
Government opens at 11AM? Thanks, Metro.
Where can I buy a stun gun? They're legal, but seems no company will ship here.
Those that work 8 hour days: what do you do with your dog here?
Scootering/Walking to Reagan National Airport?
Cool bars to check out for the upcoming Halloween weekend?
Decent priced barber in DC?
Commuting thoughts
Have been feverishly looking/applying to postings in the District, has anyone who has done the move before have any advice?
Anyone here working at WeWork
Best barber for pre-wedding shave/cut
Commuting to Gaithersburg by bike/transit: reasonable? Where to live en route?
Powerlifting gyms in/near Pentagon City
Dulles Access Road
Best record stores to check out ?
Good blues bars?
How have I never heard of Rayful Edmond before now?!
Places to stay outside of the city but close to metro line?
Runner moving to DC— neighborhood ideas?
What’s it like to date someone who lives outside of DC while you live in DC?
How hard is it to find a spot for residential street parking?
Anybody have good ideas for part-time work if we shutdown?
